[REVIEW] Update Build instructions in the README (#138)
rapidsai/cuspatial: docs/README.md

# Building Documentation

> As a prerequisite, a RAPIDS compatible GPU is required to build the docs since the notebooks in the docs execute the code to generate the HTML output.

Reviewer: Is this true of cuSpatial?

Author: @thomcom fyi.

## Steps to follow:

In order to build the docs, we need the conda dev environment from cuspatial and build cuspatial from source. Currently, building cuSpatial requires a source installation of cuDF. See build [instructions](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/blob/branch-0.13/CONTRIBUTING.md#setting-up-your-build-environment). 

1. Create a conda env and build cuspatial from source. The dependencies to build rapids from source are installed in that conda environment, and then rapids is built and installed into the same environment.

2. Once cudf is built from source, navigate to `cuspatial/docs/`. If you have your documentation written and want to turn it into HTML, run makefile:

```bash
#be in the same directory as your Makefile
make html
```

> This should run Sphinx in your shell, and outputs to `build/html/index.html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This runs Sphinx in your shell, and outputs to `build/html/index.html`.
```
